SNIP-6 Update (#130)
starknet-io/SNIPs: SNIPS/snip-6.md

**Every SNIP-6 compliant account MUST implement the `SRC6` and `SRC5` (from [SNIP-5](./snip-5.md)) interfaces**, and publish both interface ids through `supports_interface`:

> **The interface ID for an account is hardcoded to be `0x2ceccef7f994940b3962a6c67e0ba4fcd37df7d131417c604f91e03caecc1cd`** which matches the original account interface. Note that that some methods have been changed since the first version but the interface ID won't change for compatibility purposes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The interface ID for an account is hardcoded to be `0x2ceccef7f994940b3962a6c67e0ba4fcd37df7d131417c604f91e03caecc1cd`** which matches the original account interface. Note that some methods have changed since the first version, but the interface ID will not change to maintain compatibility.
```

**Every SNIP-6 compliant account MUST implement the `SRC6` and `SRC5` (from [SNIP-5](./snip-5.md)) interfaces**, and publish both interface ids through `supports_interface`:

**The interface ID for an account is hardcoded to be `0x2ceccef7f994940b3962a6c67e0ba4fcd37df7d131417c604f91e03caecc1cd`** which matches the original account interface. Note that that some methods have been changed since the first version but the interface ID won't change for compatibility purposes

> #### Current interface

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Current interface

```

}
```

#### Legacy interface used to calculate the [SRC5](./snip-5.md) interface ID

> ```cairo

Reviewer: is this supported in md files already?
If not I'd go for:
```suggestion
```rust
```

/// @title Represents a call to a target contract
/// @param to The target contract address
/// @param selector The target function selector
/// @param calldata The serialized function parameters
struct Call {
    to: ContractAddress,
    selector: felt252,
    calldata: Array<felt252>
}

/// @title SRC-6 Standard Account
trait ISRC6 {
    /// @notice Execute a transaction through the account
    /// @param calls The list of calls to execute
    /// @return The list of each call's serialized return value

>     fn __execute__(calls: Array<Call>) -> Array<Span<felt252>>;

Author: it's a good point, but i've just check and the id was calculated using `Array<Span<felt252>>`

## Rationale

This SNIP aims to standardize the interface for accounts on Starknet. While some functions are required by Starknet itself for an account to function, this standard includes additional functionality that enhances an account's interoperability with the broader Starknet ecosystem.
For example, the `is_valid_signature` function provides a standard way for dapps and protocols to verify signatures, making the account compatible with any dapp or protocol that expects this functionality. Adhering to the SNIP-5 also makes an account more easily discoverable and integrable.

> While an account on Starknet could function without adhering to this standard, doing so provides significant benefits in terms of interoperability, discoverability, and user experience. Accounts compliant with SNIP-6 can expect better compatibility and integration with the rest of the Starknet ecosystem.

Reviewer: You first mention SNIP5 then SNIP6, is this normal?

Author: i think so, SNIP-5  is mentioned in the scope of `is_valid_signature`

At the same time, the standard is designed to be minimal and flexible, allowing for a wide variety of account implementations.

## Backwards Compatibility

As mentioned before the interface ID for an account remains `0x2ceccef7f994940b3962a6c67e0ba4fcd37df7d131417c604f91e03caecc1cd`** which matches the original account interface. 

Note that the the current interface id and the legacy one are compatible in the way they can be called.

> The latest version of the `__execute__` method returns no data. But older versions used to return the result of the calls. Third parties shouldn't rely on the data being returned

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The latest version of the `__execute__` method returns no data. But older versions used to return the result of the calls. Third parties shouldn't rely on the data being returned.
```

## Backwards Compatibility

> As mentioned before the interface ID for an account is always `0x2ceccef7f994940b3962a6c67e0ba4fcd37df7d131417c604f91e03caecc1cd`** which matches the original account interface. 

Reviewer: I wouldn't say "always ...." this, for some reason, might be subject to changes later on.
Maybe:
```suggestion
As mentioned before the interface ID for an account is stays `0x2ceccef7f994940b3962a6c67e0ba4fcd37df7d131417c604f91e03caecc1cd`** which matches the original account interface. 
```

Note that the the current interface in and the legacy one are compatible in the way they can be called.

> The latest `__execute__` execute methods returns no data. But older versions used to return the result of the calls. 3rd parties shouldn't rely on the data being returned

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The latest `__execute__` methods return no data. But older versions return the result of the calls. Third parties shouldn't rely on the data being returned.
```

Author: i didn't apply as is, but i fixed the typos
